# My GreenHOUSE

<!-- Introduction -->
The theme of our project is to investigate the feeling of “stuckness” during the quarantine, but not necessarily in an inherently negative or positive light.  The greenhouse is to plants what our homes are to us. In a way, the plants are quarantined for the same purpose that humans are: to protect us from the harsh environmental conditions outside our doors. The current quarantine crisis can be looked at in a way of social isolation, a required condition that spurs on feelings of anxiety, fear, and loneliness. However, a deeper look into the condition of the quarantine can show insight into a journey of physical, mental, and spiritual growth. We hope to invoke a multitude of thoughts during this time.

<!-- home page layout has changed -->
The homepage will show a map-like layout of a garden made with SVGs, and 3 individual icons will point to the three other drawings in this project. This interface will serve as a map indicated by different infrastructure, activities in a greenhouse garden that allows the users to transport themselves as if on a virtual tour of a greenhouse garden. We chose this kind of structure because it represents a closed habitat for plants just as our homes have become.  

<!-- first drawing -->
The first drawing will show a plant's emotional state between day and night. When user hovers over the plant, it shows its sentimental nature, symbolizing a person's mental health. This drawing emphasizes the importance of constantly checking in with yourself on how you feel and how any emotion can be understood. This is especially important during this special period where we may need connections from others more than ever. This drawing is meant to symbolize feelings that people may have when they are alone. This drawing will be implemented using SVG elements animated by CSS or javascript DOM animation.

<!-- second drawing -->
The second drawing will represent the longing one may experience during this time; a longing for the outdoors. We as humans need exercise as a daily part of our lives and the quarantine can provide ample opportunity for such, as well as stunt any motivation to move. This drawing shows a little boy chasing after "fun" towards SVG balloons and hot air balloon. Through CSS animations, the young boy is seen as running through a nature trail. With his hands in the air, the boy is clearly enjoying his time outdoors. There is a stopwatch that starts as soon as the user enters the webpage, there is no stop button. The user is encouraged to "Keep Going" as a means of watching this boy chase after his dreams as well as going over any obstacle in their own lives. The flock of birds symbolize a sort of companion to the young boy as he runs as there is no one else around. This drawing is to encourage those who are affected by the current stay-at-home orders through this young boy's journey.

<!-- third drawing -->
For our third drawing, we are inspired by the very popular Nintendo Switch game, Animal Crossing, many people have spent their days playing during quarantine. We have included this drawing to show that downtime is also very important to one's mental well being.  When the user clicks on the right button on the Nintendo Switch, a plant will quickly grow on the screen. With other SVG images, we have stuck to our core concept of nature by reference the activities that naturally occur through an ever increasing amount of time in our homes. Just as the plant, we humans will continue to grow and flourish as we get through this pandemic. It is only natural.

<!-- Conclusion -->
All of our drawings revolve around the sense of growth, uncertainty, and nourishment. We hope that in viewing our web pages, the user is intrigued with the multitude of images and gets a sense of the tranquility during social isolation, as well as reflect on their mental and spiritual well being during this time of introspection.
